How sad that that was
the best you could do.
Because your best,
is what I like to call mediocre.
Yeah, well go call
someone who cares.
Really, dude?
I'm sure Varis
is quaking in his boots.
Don't lose your cool, bud.
(Playmaker)
Varis isn't the type
to feign confidence,
so he's absolutely sure
that he's going
to win this duel.
Another reason
I brought you here
to where the Lost Incident
occurred
was to remind you
that this is where
the Fire Ignis was created.
By watching you duel,
it's clear
that that the Fire Ignis
was the brains
and without that help,
you can't win.
So enjoy your final moments
while they last!
It's my turn!
♪♪♪
First off!
I activate my spell card
FINAL OFFGUARD!
If I have less life
points than you,
and you're the
only one who has
a monster summoned
from their Extra Deck,
I get to draw two cards.
Next I activate my field spell
BOOT SECTOR LAUNCH!
It revives ANESTHROKKET DRAGON!
Then I play the Equip Spell...
BORREL REGENERATOR!
I resummon SILVERROKKET
DRAGON from my graveyard
and equip this card on to it!
Next, I activate
the spell card SQUIB DRAW.
By destroying
my SILVERROKKET DRAGON
I can now draw two cards.
That in turn triggers
BORREL REGENERATOR's effect,
letting me draw one more card!
Slow down, Varis.
You're drawing more
than an artist.
When I have a ROKKET in play,
I can summon ABSOROUTER DRAGON!
I use ABSOROUTER DRAGON
and ANESTHROKKET DRAGON
to Link Summon!
Link 2 QUADBORREL DRAGON!
When I use ABSOROUTER
DRAGON to Link Summon,
I get to draw a ROKKET monster
from my deck.
Then I'll follow that up
with the spell
BORREL HALF REPLACE!
It summons a BORRELOAD
from my Extra Deck
that has the same
number of links
as the BORRELOAD DRAGON
that's in my graveyard!
Rise up, Link 4
BORRELSWORD DRAGON!
On the down side,
BORRELSWORD DRAGON loses
its special abilities
and half of its attack points.
But on the upside,
BORREL HALF REPLACE
has another effect.
By banishing it,
along with two ROKKET monsters
from my graveyard,
I can Link Summon
a Link 2 DARK monster
next to BORRELSWORD's link!
Come on out,
Link 2 BOOSTER DRAGON!
Then due
to QUADBORREL's ability,
I can discard
a card from my hand
to destroy a monster
that's in play.
But Varis,
when my VIOLET CHIMERA
is equipped
with SALAMANGREAT
KERNEL,
your special ability
can't destroy it!
But it can destroy
my BORRELSWORD DRAGON!
Hmmm.
(Varis)
In exchange,
I can summon a ROKKET monster
from my hand or graveyard
for every link
that my BORRELSWORD DRAGON had.
So come on back,
MAGNAROKKET DRAGON
and ROKKET RECHARGER!
And with that,
I have set up my combo.
BOOSTER DRAGON activates
its special ability
to give my MAGNAROKKET DRAGON
500 attack and defense points.
If an ability
should target
MAGNAROKKET DRAGON,
it has to automatically
destroy itself,
but there is a catch.
It takes another monster
down with it!
Your CHIMERA's a goner!
That's not good.
That's key to Burnsie's survival
and without it
he's just like a calendar,
because his days are numbered.
Huh!
You should get
your eyes checked out
cuz you failed to spot
one important detail
about my cards.
Ya see...
Due to SALAMANGREAT
KERNEL's effect,
your monster's abilities don't
work against VIOLET CHIMERA
unless your monster's
a Link monster,
which it's not!
If an ability doesn't work,
then how about a spell instead?
LINK BURST allows me
to draw a card
by destroying
one of my Link Monsters
and one of your monsters!
So I destroy my BOOSTER DRAGON
and your VIOLET CHIMERA!
SALAMANGREAT KERNEL
has another effect!
So check this out!
By returning a SALAMANGREAT
from my graveyard
to my Extra Deck,
my VIOLET CHIMERA
can't be destroyed!
Looks like you're not
gonna to let it go.
You better believe it, Varis,
and there's no way
you're getting rid of it
cuz my CHIMERA can't
be destroyed in battle
or by any abilities
for the rest of this turn!
Awesome!
That means VIOLET CHIMERA
will survive this turn
no matter what Varis
throws at him!
(Soulburner)
You destroyed
your BOOSTER DRAGON
and that got you
absolutely nowhere fast!
You would be correct
if my intention was to destroy
your CHIMERA, which it wasn't.
Say what?
You see,
I wanted my BOOSTER DRAGON
to be destroyed.
Because when it is,
its ability resummons BORRELOAD
DRAGON from my graveyard.
Oh my.
That's not good, Soulburner.
Next, I send ROKKET RECHARGER
to the graveyard!
By doing so,
I can resurrect a Dark Attribute
monster from my graveyard.
So Return to my field,
QUADBORREL DRAGON!
Next I summon my Tuner Monster
ROKKET SYNCHRON!
Its special ability resummons
ABSOROUTER DRAGON
from my graveyard
in defense mode.
(groans)
My Level 1 ROKKET SYNCHRON
tunes with my Level 7
ABSOROUTER DRAGON!
The fuel of the cosmos mixes
with the boundaries of speed
to transcend the beyond!
I Synchro Summon!
BORRELOAD SAVAGE DRAGON!
When BORRELOAD SAVAGE DRAGON
is successfully
Synchro Summoned,
it equips one Link Monster
from my graveyard.
And for every Link Arrow
that Link Monster has,
this DRAGON gains a Counter.
So I'll equip it
with BORRELSWORD DRAGON!
Since BORRELSWORD DRAGON
has four Links,
my SAVAGE DRAGON gains
four Borrel Counters!
SAVAGE DRAGON also gains
half the attack points
of the monster it equips
raising its strength to 4500!
Then I'll team it up
with a monster just as powerful!
I set my two QUADBORREL DRAGONS
in the Link Arrows!
The evolution of the universe
transforms nothing
into the infinite!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 TOPOLOGIC ZEROBOROS!
A new TOPOLOGIC monster?
Whoa.
Varis is quite the magician
because he's still coming up
with new tricks.
My ZEROBOROS gains
200 attack points
for every card
that's been banished!
Varis has banished
a total of four cards.
Therefore, ZEROBOROS
gains 800 attack points!
(Varis)
Now I can deal enough damage
to wipe out the rest
of your life points!
Game over.
Time to battle.
BORRELOAD DRAGON!
Attack VIOLET CHIMERA!
Soulburner,
things will only get
worse for you!
Because BORRELOAD's
ability lowers
your monster's
attack points by 500!
I'll counter that by activating
my trap card
SALAMANGREAT GEYSER!
It lowers your monster's
attack points when I return--
No, you won't!
BORRELOAD SAVAGE DRAGON uses
one of its Borrel Counters
to negate your trap!
So you're taking the full
brunt of this attack!
Now Go! BORRELOAD!
Thunder Borrel Cannon!
Due to SALAMANGREAT
KERNEL's effect,
my VIOLET CHIMERA
can't be destroyed!
But you still take damage.
BORRELOAD SAVAGE DRAGON,
it's your turn
to blast his CHIMERA.
Thunderclap Borrel Cannon!
VIOLET CHIMERA uses its ability
to double its attack points!
(screams)
(groans)
(grunts)
How's that!
You may have survived,
but I still have
one last attack left!
Malicious destruction!
VIOLET CHIMERA
uses its ability again!
Varis is all out of attacks!
Way to hang in there!
With that I end
my turn.
Not too shabby, Soulburner!
You used
all those cards
and made all those moves
and I'm still here standing!
I ended my turn,
but that certainly doesn't
mean that I'm done.
Yeah, that's exactly what ending
your turn means Varis.
Time to learn something new.
When MAGNAROKKET's
in my graveyard
at the end of my turn,
I can summon AUTOROKKET.
And this summon triggers...
ZEROBOROS' ability!
Say what?
When a monster is summoned
next to ZEROBOROS's link,
all cards on the field
are banished!
That's not fair!
Every card
will be gone?
Field Eradication!
(Ai)
Varis wiped the slate clean.
That means Soulburner has
to start from scratch.
(Varis)
Since it's your turn,
you can now attack me.
But I found that
it's hard to attack
if you have nothing
to attack with.
(Soulburner)
Man, I hate it when he's right.
Not that I'm
every gonna admit it.
I knew winning this duel
wouldn't be easy,
but now he's made it
nearly impossible.
But there's still
gotta be a way to win!
There's just gotta be!
(Varis)
I can see that behind
those eyes is a brain,
and that brain doesn't
know a way to win.
So you may have all the fire
and passion in the world,
but it doesn't matter.
(gasps)
Not if you don't
have the right cards.
How do you do it, Varis?
How do you wake up every day
knowing you're the bad guy?
Cuz your Lost Incident
caused a whole lotta harm
to a whole lotta people.
Do you just block it out
of your mind
and forget what you did?
Cuz I can't forget a single
moment of the Lost Incident,
no matter how hard I try.
Especially that first morning...
cuz that was the last time
I saw my parents.
I still remember
what I said to them.
Oh yeah?
What was it?
That I wanted
lasagna for dinner.
If I...
if I knew those
would be my last words,
yeah, I would've said more.
I would've said
that I wanted lasagna
and that...
I'd love them forever.
But I never got the chance
because you took it
away from me.
I think about them every day.
And my heart breaks every time.
So I try to forget about it
to block out the pain,
but I can't.
So my heart keeps
breaking and breaking.
My mind's stuck in the past,
and it can't get unstuck.
So I ask again,
what do you do
to forget the past?
So that you could move on?
And find a way
to live with yourself?
Please, Varis, I have to know!
(Varis)
You want to know my technique?
It's quite easy.
You see, I don't try
to forget my past.
If something,
or someone,
or some memory
is important to me,
why would I try to forget it?
I don't care if they're
good memories or bad ones.
As long as they're important,
I'll never forget them.
My...
Who knew Varis
was such a philosopher?
Because those memories
have made me
into the person I am today.
So trying to forget
them means
you're trying
to forget yourself.
And when you forget yourself,
you have no clue what to do,
or what to live for.
I use my past to move forward
to do what is right.
You mean what's wrong.
My right may be your wrong,
but that doesn't
make my right wrong.
(Soulburner)
Stop with the word games!
(Varis)
Fine.
I'll put it simply.
I know what I'm fighting for.
Do you?
(Soulburner)
What am I fighting for?
Getting revenge against Varis
is not gonna make
my life any better
cuz my past is still
gonna haunt me.
So what am I fighting
for really?
(Flame)
Deep, concentrated thinking
was never your strong suit,
Soulburner.
Perhaps a different
tactic would help?
(gasps)
I find it offensive that you
want to forget your past,
because that means you
are trying to forget me.
And I am not one that deserves
to be forgotten.
So don't let
your past haunt you,
let your past support you.
Cuz I am your past,
and I will support you forever.
(gasps)
And nothing will make me
or your parents,
happier than if you're happy.
Besides,
how can I ever be gone if I
live on forever in your heart?
You're the best, Flame.
My mistake was trying to forget
my past instead of embracing it.
I now know
what I'm fighting for.
I'm fighting for me
and everything that makes me me!
It's... my... turn!
I draw!
(Varis)
Hold on a second,
before you make a move,
ZEROBOROS activates
its special ability.
And it resummons itself!
What?
(Varis)
That's not all,
ZEROBOROS also gains
200 attack points
for every card
that's been banished
through the course of this duel.
And that number equals
a total of eleven cards,
so ZEROBOROS gains
2200 attack points!
(grunts)
(Playmaker)
Not only does it have
5200 attack points,
but its location on the field
is also problematic.
If Soulburner wants
to Link Summon,
he must summon the monster
in the Extra Monster Zone
next to ZEROBOROS's links.
But that will trigger
its ability,
causing his monster
to be banished.
(laughs)
Well this was fun
while it lasted.
(Varis)
Your defeat is all but assured.
Actually, Varis,
by summoning ZEROBOROS you've
improved my chances to win.
What?
From my hand,
I activate the spell card
BURNING DRAW!
That card's going to save you?
When I have no cards
on my field,
I can draw a card from my deck
for every link
that your monster has!
So I get four cards!
(gasps)
(screams)
Four cards, eh?
Yup, you heard
correctly.
And the first one's
the spell card
LINK FIRE'S RETURN!
I get to resummon
a SALAMANGREAT,
and you take 200
points of damage
for every single
link that it has!
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO
is back to fight!
Varis is down
to 200 life points!
Then I activate
the special ability
of the second card that I drew!
I can summon this card
from my hand
as long as its Level
is equal or lower
than the total number
of links in play.
I'm countin' seven links,
but my monster has
one less than that!
So come on out,
my Level 6 SALAMANGREAT
SALAMANDRA!
And with these two
I'll blaze my circuit!
The summoning conditions require
two Fire Effect Monsters!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 SALAMANGREAT
PYRO PHOENIX!
(Varis)
Big mistake, Soulburner!
Since you Link Summoned,
your monsters'll
now be banished.
And to further the pain,
I activate KARMACEPT
DRAGON's ability!
It equips on to the monster
that you just Link Summoned.
You want my monster to give
yours a piggy back ride?
(Varis)
No, what I want
is to ensure your defeat!
If the monster equipped
with KARMACEPT is banished,
you take damage equal
to your monster's attack points!
No way!
When I activate
ZEROBOROS's ability,
you lose no matter what,
and there's nothing
you can do about it!
We'll see about that!
I activate the spell
SALAMANGREAT TRANSCENDENCE!
I can use my SALAMANGREAT
to Link Summon
another copy of that monster!
PYRO PHOENIX,
let the flames engulf your body!
Because from its ashes,
you will be reborn!
Okay now, here... goes...
Super Reincarnation Link Summon!
Soar, Link 4 SALAMANGREAT
PYRO PHOENIX!
I see.
By reincarnating your PHOENIX,
you got rid of KARMACEPT DRAGON,
so you won't take any damage.
However,
it doesn't change the fact
that ZEROBOROS's ability
will still banish your monsters,
so you'll have
nothing to fight with.
Furthermore,
KARMACEPT DRAGON
has another ability.
Huh?
When KARMACEPT is sent
to the graveyard,
I can summon a Link Monster
that's been banished
as long as it has
equal or fewer links
than a Link Monster
that's in your graveyard.
I recall your SALAMANGREAT
PYRO PHOENIX has 4 links.
As does my BORRELOAD DRAGON!
Every move Soulburner makes,
Varis counter's.
(grunts)
That isn't good at all,
but I won't stop fighting!
(screams)
Check this!
I activate SALAMANGREAT
SALAMANDRA's special ability!
By banishing it
from my graveyard,
I can resurrect a Link Monster
that has fewer links
than my PYRO PHOENIX!
So I'm gonna bring back
my HEATLEO!
SALAMANGREAT SALAMANDRA
also negates
both our monsters' abilities!
Next up, I activate
SALAMANGREAT SANCTUARY!
Reincarnation Link Summon!
Rise again
from the valley of flames,
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
When HEATLEO is reincarnated,
its ability activates!
It lowers your BORRELOAD
DRAGON's attack points
to become the same
as my BALELYNX's,
just 500!
(groans)
Finally... at long last...
I'm getting my win!
Well done.
Now maybe you will be able
to move on from your past.
(gasps)
Why did Varis want you
to help with his plan?
I have no idea.
What do you think?
Well, I can
only conclude...
he wanted
to see you.
To atone for
the Lost Incident.
(glass shatters)
♪♪♪